* Part II: Mathematical theory

section A: Continous:--------------
subsection: Level set, 2D example, define characteristic function better
subsection: Stokes equations with boundary conditions 
subsection: Functions ,indicator etc and the function for wss on the boundary 


section B: Discrete---------------
subsection: weak form 
subsection: stability 
subsection: fenics uses lu factorization to solve the inverse of the indefinite system.

----------------------------------


Section A: 
subsection: Level set methods: 
	
	The level set approach was introduced by Osher and Sethian in the 1980's. 	
	When simulations of moving interphases play a crusial role in the problem to be solved, 
	level set methods are very useful.

	Of course other methods can be used as well, but they will eventually fail. 
	Consider a curve as a moving firefront. Each point on that curve will move to another point from
	t= 0 to t=1. The curve could be described with an ODE for position followed by interpolation.
	However this approach falls short numerically.

	Consider the very simple 1D example, 
	Suppose we want to divide the Real number line into three distinct parts with -1 and 1. 
	We define the three subdomains ,

	Outer domain: 
	Inner domain:
	Boundary domain:

	The outer domain consists of two distinc parts belonging to the same domain.
	Notice the outer and inner domain are of one dimention higher than the boundary domain.
	Generally in R^n this is the case. And we say that the boundary domain has codimention n-1. 
	In the explicit boundary representation the boundary consists of the set of points on the boundary.
	In this example that would be {-1,1}.
	In an implicit boundary representation the boundary is the isocontoures(equipotential lines?) of a function.
	Lets call this function phi(x).
	Phi(x) would be any function that gives boundary points {-1,1}.
	Suppose phi(x) is 
		phi(x)= x^2 -1
	and the isocontour phi(x) = 0 gives the boundary points we wanted.
	Figure 1.

	In 2D our lower dimentional interface is a curve that separates R^2. Consider the curve to be 
	closed such that we get distinct areas. Suppose the implicit function is 
		phi(x,y) = x^2 + y^2 -1 
	then phi is a bowl in 3D. 
	The zero isocontour is a plane at zero that cuts the bowl and gives the lower dimentional unit circle in this particular case.
	Interior region:
	Exterior region:
	Boundary region: 
	Figure 2.
	In 2D the explicit function needs to specify all the points on that curve. It wouldnt be too difficult in this case.
	However with a more complicated curve it could be. In general one would parametrize the curve with a vector function 
	x(t) moving along the curve. 
	So far I have used analytical expressions. Usually these are not available. Numerically the parameter could be discritized into a 		set of points. Still the parametrized representation would fall short for more complicated curves.
	Consider a three dimenstional function describing shaped as a a mountaintop a valley and then a second top.
	The isocontours of this in 2D would start from the top as two unconnected circles.
	Then they would met and form a eight. Which introduces a change in topology.
	Level set methods deal with that easily.
	

	Fluidet er beskrevet med Stokes ligningene med boundary conditions,
	
	Resten er grei som den er i latex.
	
	Ting som må tilføyes er 
		- finite element space for wss etc. rom for diskretisering.	
		- 


section B: Discretization---------------
	subsection: weak form 
	subsection: stability 
	subsection: fenics uses lu factorization to solve the inverse of the indefinite system.
	
	start with the space of the implicit funtion, then move over to the 
	weak form of the Stokes,
	then put it in matrix form, 
	discuss that and finally say how fenics solves it 
	
	
	

	
	
		
	 	
	
	
	
	
	

